here
got him we got an MVC right here you got
a single
you've got a single passenger driver
side looks like unrestrained versus
garbage can vehicles already been
stabilized ours are flat
ready to go rams and Qatar their house
always floating decoders
gain access to the face
we have to create her cheek falls in the
doors but in this case the damage has
allowed us just enough space to get the
screws in open the doors up cut them off
gain access to the patient it's a
miracle man education they are moving
the big
the windows out
shut the doors off
see it took every ounce of
Machine Head just go
just a couple of that Bell
I watch you all the brothers go on
access to the patient
we'll start this is a most new poems at
seacoast will cut it both sides and the
room to gain access to the patient
watch it out
until
co2 cylinder in the book in the dash
just gain access to the patient
maintaining c-spine
watch it off in the problem we're going
to remove the baby from the vehicle
Oh walks down all right give CPR good
CPR the baby's unresponsive and turning
blue doing 75 and 14 all right it's a
lot we've done it we've extricated and
revive the baby successfully